the word that came to Jeremiah from the
Lord in the tenth year of Zedekiah king
of Judah which was the 18th year of
Nebuchadnezzar for them the king of
babylons army besieged Jerusalem and
Jeremiah the Prophet was shut up in the
court of the prison which was in the
king of Judah's house for Zedekiah king
of judah had shut him up
why do you prophesy and say thus says
the Lord behold I will give this city
into the hand of the king of Babylon and
he shall take it and said Akaya king of
Judah shall not escape from the hand of
the Chaldeans but shall surely be
delivered into the hand of the king of
Babylon and shall speak with him face to
face and see him I too I then he shall
lead Zedekiah to Babylon and there he
shall be until I visit him says the Lord
though you fight with the Chaldeans you
shall not succeed the word of the Lord
came to me saying behold animal the son
of Shalom your uncle will come to you
saying by my field which is in nfo for
the right of redemption is yours to buy
it
then animal my uncle son came to me in
the court of a prison according to the
word of the Lord and said to me please
buy my field that is an Anathoth which
is in the country of benjamin for the
right of inheritance is yours and the
redemption yours buy it for yourself
then I knew that this was the word of
the Lord so I bought the field from
Hannibal the son of my uncle who was in
amethyst and wait out to him the money
17 shekels of silver and I signed the
deed and sealed it took witnesses and
weighed the money on the scales so I
took the purchase deed both that which
was sealed according to the law and
custom and that which was opened and I
gave the purchase deed to Baybrook the
son of Neriah the son of Messiah in the
presence of Hannibal my uncle's son and
in the presence of the witnesses who
signed the purchase deed before all the
Jews who sat in the court of the
prisoner then I charged Baybrook before
them saying thus says the Lord of hosts
the God of Israel take these deeds both
this purchase deed which is sealed and
this deed which is open and put them in
an earthen vessel that they may last
many days for thus says the Lord of
hosts the God of Israel houses and
fields and vineyards shall be possessed
again in this land now what I had
delivered the purchase deed to Beirut
the son of Neriah I prayed to the Lord
saying
Oh Lord God behold you have made the
heavens and the earth by your great
power and outstretched arm there is
nothing too hard for you you show
loving-kindness to thousands and repay
the iniquity of the fathers into the
bosom of their children after them the
great the mighty God whose name is the
Lord of Hosts you are great and counsel
and mighty and work for your eyes are
open to all the ways of the sons of men
to give everyone according to his ways
and according to the fruit of his doings
you have set signs and wonders in the
land of Egypt to this day and in Israel
and among other men and you have made
yourself a name as it is this day you
have brought your people Israel out of
the land of Egypt with signs and wonders
with a strong hand and an outstretched
arm and with great terror you have given
them this land of which you swore to
their fathers to give them a land
flowing with milk and honey and they
came in and took possession of it but
they have not obeyed your voice or
walked in your law they have done
nothing of all that you commanded them
to do therefore you have caused all this
calamity to come upon them look the
siege mounds they have come to the city
to take it and the city has been given
into the hand of the Chaldeans who fight
against it because of the sword and
famine and pestilence what you have
spoken has happened there you see it and
you have said to me O Lord God
buy the field for money and take
witnesses
if the city has been given into the hand
of the Chaldeans
then the word of the Lord came to
Jeremiah behold I am the Lord the God of
all flesh is there anything too hard for
me behold I will give this city into the
hand of the Chaldeans into the hand of
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and he
shall take it and the Chaldeans who
fight against this city shall come and
set fire to this city and burn it with
the houses on whose roofs they have
offered incense to bale and poured out
drink offerings to other gods to provoke
me to anger because the children of
Israel and the children of Judah have
done only evil before me from their
youth for the children of Israel have
provoked me only to anger with the work
of their hands for this city has been to
me a provocation of my anger and my fury
from the day that they built it even to
this day so I will remove it from before
my face because of all the evil of the
children of Israel and the children of
Judah which they have done to provoke me
to anger they their kings their princes
their priests their prophets the men of
Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem
and they have turned to me the back and
not the face though I taught them rising
up early and teaching them
yet they have not listened to receive
instruction but they sent their
abominations in the house which is
called by my name to defile it and they
built the high places of bail which are
in the valley of the son of Hinnom to
cause their sons and their daughters to
pass through the fire to Molech which i
did not command them nor did it come
into my mind but they should do this
abomination to cause Judah to sin
now therefore thus says the Lord the God
of Israel concerning this city of which
you say it shall be delivered into the
hand of the king of Babylon by the sword
by the famine and by the pestilence
behold I will gather them out of all
countries where I have driven them in my
anger in my fury and in great wrath I
will bring them back to this place and I
will cause them to dwell safely they
shall be my people and I will be their
God then I will give them one heart in
one way that they may fear me forever
for the good of them and their children
after them and I will make an
everlasting covenant with them that I
will not turn away from doing them good
but I will put my fear in their hearts
so that they will not depart from me yes
I will rejoice over them to do them good
and I will assuredly plant them in this
land with all my heart and with all my
soul for thus says the Lord
just as I have brought all this great
calamity on these people so I will bring
on them all the good that I have
promised them and fields will be bought
in this land of which you say it is
desolate without man or beast it has
been given into the hand of the
Chaldeans
men will buy fields for money sign deeds
and seelman and take witnesses in the
land of Benjamin in the places around
Jerusalem in the cities of Judah in the
cities of the mountains in the cities of
the lowland and in the cities of the
south for I will cause their captives to
return
[Music]
you